---
title: "Logistics and Trade Education Opens New Opportunities for Historic Community"
subtitle: "Logistics and Trade Education Opens New Opportunities for Historic Community"
date: "2024-12-10T09:00:00Z"
category: "Lojistik"
image: "https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f19660f6c6e0436e9d2f00362db46eef.jpg"
imageAlt: "Logistics and Trade Education Opens New Opportunities for Historic Community"
wixId: "d2d5c406-5aab-4fef-ac5e-b1c55ab91c30"
author: "Sedat Onat"
translated: true
draft: false
---

<p>Established near Africatown, the <strong>Pollee and Rose Allen School of Logistics and Trade</strong> aims to provide education and skills in supply chain, logistics, and trade to disadvantaged young Americans. Launched by the nonprofit organization <strong>Embracing Your Past to Empower Your Future, INC.</strong> with support from <strong>DHL Global Forwarding</strong>'s <strong>GoTeach</strong> program, the school will launch tuition-free on February 7, 2025, and will offer bi-weekly seminars to students between 16 and 24 years old.</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p>The school is dedicated to the memory of Pollee and Rose Allen, pioneers of Africatown founded by 32 survivors of the Clotilda, the last ship that illegally brought enslaved Africans to America in 1860. This initiative aims to provide equal opportunity for marginalized communities, promote economic empowerment, and create sustainable career pathways. By equipping students with foundational skills and industry knowledge, the goal is to increase their employability, foster entrepreneurship, and contribute to the development of a diverse, inclusive, and competent workforce in the logistics sector.</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p>Through its corporate citizenship <strong>GoTeach</strong> program, <strong>DHL</strong> will provide resources, materials, and volunteer support to the school. Students will gain access to a rich knowledge library and virtual training supported by <strong>DHL</strong> volunteers, learning to understand the complexities of logistics, cross-border product sales, and entrepreneurial opportunities in the field.</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p>The <strong>GoTeach</strong> program aims to support young people from disadvantaged communities in general business preparation and career competency. Students will attend classes covering topics such as job interviews, soft skills development, and effective resume preparation. They will also understand the importance of developing a strong work ethic, which is critical for long-term career success. Upon completion of the program, students may be matched with mentors who will guide them in taking their first career steps.</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p><strong>Robert Reiter</strong>, Chief Executive Officer of <strong>DHL Global Forwarding</strong> United States, said: "We aim to equip individuals with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed in trade and logistics. This is not just about learning basics; it's about giving young people the skills and confidence they need to enter the workforce. International trade and supply chain offer long-term growth opportunities for young people from every background, and we are committed to helping them seize those opportunities."</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p><strong>Lori Ann LaRocco</strong>, founder of <strong>Embracing Your Past to Empower Your Future, INC.</strong>, said: "Slave trade tore families apart, and many people were deprived of opportunities and the chance to build wealth for generations after slavery. With this school, we are reversing the world of trade. Through this free education and entry into the world of trade and logistics, Black Americans and other disadvantaged individuals will have the opportunity to build wealth for generations. Whether you have a college education or not, you can succeed in this sector and build wealth for generations. I am excited to have <strong>DHL</strong> as a partner who sees my vision of democratizing logistics education and making it accessible to everyone interested."</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p><strong>Veda Robbins</strong>, school principal and great-granddaughter of Pollee and Rose Allen, said: "Pollee and Rose Allen played a significant role in the founding of Africatown. Pollee was the leader of the community, and Rose was the backbone of the family. This school is part of continuing their legacy by helping young Black men and women build a foundation for their professional lives and providing equal opportunity."</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<p>Additionally, the nonprofit organization is launching a book scholarship called "Each One, Teach One" through which descendants of enslaved Africans can apply for funding for university textbooks. This scholarship is funded by the award-winning book "Embracing Your Past to Empower Your Future," written by LaRocco and her daughter <strong>Abby Wallace</strong>.</p>\n<p><br></p>\n<h5><strong>Key Points:</strong></h5>\n<ul>\n  <li><p><strong>Pollee and Rose Allen School of Logistics and Trade</strong> will provide logistics and trade education to disadvantaged youth near Africatown.</p></li>\n  <li><p>The school was established through a collaboration between <strong>Embracing Your Past to Empower Your Future, INC.</strong> and <strong>DHL Global Forwarding</strong>.</p></li>\n  <li><p>Free seminars beginning February 7, 2025, will be aimed at students between 16 and 24 years old.</p></li>\n  <li><p>The program aims to provide equal opportunity for marginalized communities and promote economic empowerment.</p></li>\n</ul>\n<p><br></p>\n<p>---</p>\n<p><strong>News Link: </strong><a href="https://gcaptain.com/new-dhl-backed-school-of-logistics-and-trade-in-africatown-aims-to-unlock-global-career-and-commerce-opportunities-for-historically-disadvantaged-community/"><u>https://gcaptain.com/new-dhl-backed-school-of-logistics-and-trade-in-africatown-aims-to-unlock-global-career-and-commerce-opportunities-for-historically-disadvantaged-community/</u></a></p>\n<p>-------------------</p>\n<p><strong>!!! ANNOUNCEMENT !!!</strong></p>\n<p><strong>How to Get ERP? Our Book Has Been Published on Google Play Books.</strong></p>\n<p>#What is ERP?</p>\n<p><a href="https://www.sedatonat.com/erpnasilalinir"><u>https://www.sedatonat.com/erpnasilalinir</u></a> You can download and read it for free through the link.</p>\n<p>Your feedback would make us happy.</p>\n<p>We wish you good reading from now on.</p>
